Add more explicit expectation setting (#1)
stephhazlitt/workshops2024: workshops/arrow.qmd

title: Big Data in R with Arrow
author:
  - name: Nic Crane
  - name: Steph Hazlitt
    affiliations:
      - name: BC Stats
description: |
  An introduction to Apache Arrow for creating efficient analysis pipelines with larger-than-memory data in R.

> categories: [R, Arrow, Data Engineering, Data Science]

Author: ```suggestion
categories: [R, Arrow, Data Engineering]
```

-   want to learn how to engineer your tabular data storage for more performant access and analysis with Apache Arrow

> This course is probably not for you if:

Reviewer: I feel like what the workshop is about is pretty well captured above. Once we start a list of what a course is not I think it opens a can of worms, and feels just a smidge off putting?

Author: Yeah, agree on offputting. Reflecting on the reasons I made the change, I think it can be achieved other ways.

> - you already have extensive Arrow experience and want to learn about the framework in general rather than how to work with it in R

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- you already have extensive Arrow experience and want to learn about the framework in general rather than how to work with it in R
```

- you want to learn about less commonly-used Arrow features such as data streaming functionality

# Instructor(s)

|                               |     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
|-------------------------------|-----|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | ![](images/nic_crane.png)     |     | [Nic Crane](https://niccrane.com) is a software engineer and data scientist, who has a lot of enthusiasm for open source, and learning and teaching all things R. Nic is part of the core team that maintain the Arrow R package, and a co-author of "Scaling up with R and Arrow", due to be published by CRC Press later this year. |

Author: ```suggestion
| ![](images/nic_crane.png)     |     | [Nic Crane](https://niccrane.com) is an R consultant with a background in data science and software engineering.  They are passionate about open source, and learning and teaching all things R. Nic is part of the core team that maintain the Arrow R package, and a co-author of "Scaling up with R and Arrow", due to be published by CRC Press later this year. |
```

-   want to learn how to engineer your tabular data storage for more performant access and analysis with Apache Arrow

This course is probably not for you if:

- you already have extensive Arrow experience and want to learn about the framework in general rather than how to work with it in R

- you want to learn about less commonly-used Arrow features such as data streaming functionality

> 

Author: ```suggestion

```
